+Understand how this will engage your audience. What value will your user actually find when using the output of your project? You will likely need to spend the greatest amount of time and effort in this area. Identify the types of users you will have and then actually identify real people that exemplify those types. Create user profiles that provide biographical details along with user stories that will describe the activities users will be doing with your outputs.
+
+But don't rely on your own awareness of your users. Remember that you are building a 'user experience' and we stress understanding your user inside and out, be aware of the experience you will provide them. Interview and survey your users to find out why they would want to use your project. Specifically you will want to learn:
+
+What their organisation is trying to accomplish and what their role is in supporting that. How does your project support what they are working on. When would they use your project? get specifics, what will they do with the information they are getting from your project? Who will they show it to? What are they hoping to accomplish? What sort of technology do they have access to? What device would they use for access? What browser do they use? What will the speed of their internet connection be? Will they be wanting to download your information? In what formats?
+
+In particular, know when they will come to your site and what they will want to do with the information they are accessing. Have you made it as easy as possible for them to do this?
